[full-ci] Bugfix: Disallow creation of a group with empty name via the OCS api (#2825)
owncloud/ocis: changelog/unreleased/fix-create-group-without-name.md

Bugfix: Disallow creation of a group with empty name via the OCS api

We've fixed the behavior for group creation on the OCS api, where it was
possible to create a group with an empty name. This was is not possible
on oC10 and is therefore also forbidden on oCIS to keep compatibility.

> This PR forbids the creation and also ensures the correct status codef
> or both OCS v1 and OCS v2 apis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This PR forbids the creation and also ensures the correct status code
for both OCS v1 and OCS v2 apis.
```
